(gentle music with vocalization)
(mid-tempo music)
♪ If you, if you could return ♪
♪ Don't let it burn ♪
♪ Don't let it fade ♪
♪ I'm sure I'm not being rude ♪
♪ But it's just your attitude ♪
♪ It's tearing me apart ♪
♪ It's ruining every day ♪
♪ I swore, I swore
I would be true ♪
♪ And, honey, so did you ♪
♪ So why were you
holding her hand ♪
♪ Is that the way we stand ♪
♪ Were you lying all the time ♪
♪ Was it just a game to you ♪
♪ But I'm in so deep ♪
♪ You know I'm such
a fool for you ♪
♪ You got me wrapped
around your finger ♪
♪ Do you have to let it linger ♪
♪ Do you have to,
do you have to ♪
♪ Do you have to let it linger ♪
♪ Oh, I thought
the world of you ♪
♪ I thought nothing
could go wrong ♪
♪ But I was wrong, I was wrong ♪
♪ If you, if you could get by ♪
♪ Trying not to lie ♪
♪ Things wouldn't
be so confused ♪
♪ And I wouldn't feel so used ♪
♪ But you always really knew ♪
♪ I just want to be with you ♪
♪ And I'm in so deep ♪
♪ You know I'm such
a fool for you ♪
♪ You got me wrapped
around your finger ♪
♪ Do you have to let it linger ♪
♪ Do you have to,
do you have to ♪
♪ Do you have to let it linger ♪
♪♪♪
♪ And I'm in so deep ♪
♪ You know I'm such
a fool for you ♪
♪ You've got me wrapped
around your finger ♪
♪ Do you have to let it linger ♪
♪ Do you have to,
do you have to ♪
♪ Do you have to let it linger ♪
♪ You know I'm such
a fool for you ♪
♪ You got me wrapped
around your finger ♪
♪ Do you have to let it linger ♪
♪ Do you have to,
do you have to ♪
♪ Do you have to let it linger ♪
♪♪♪